---
page_title: "Resource rootly_alert_group - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_alert_group)



## Example Usage

```shell
resource "rootly_alert_group" "example" {
  name                 = "Alert group"
  condition_type       = "all"
  time_window          = 10
  group_by_alert_title = true

  attributes {
    json_path = "$.title"
  }

  targets {
    target_type = "Service"
    target_id   = "<Service UUID>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the alert group

### Optional

- `attributes` (Block List) This field is deprecated. Please use the `conditions` field instead, `attributes` will be removed in the future. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attributes))
- `condition_type` (String) Grouping condition for the alert group
- `conditions` (Block List) The conditions for the alert group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `deleted_at` (String) Date or deletion
- `description` (String) The description of the alert group
- `group_by_alert_title` (Boolean) Whether the alerts are grouped by title or not. Value must be one of true or false
- `group_by_alert_urgency` (Boolean) Whether the alerts are grouped by urgency or not. Value must be one of true or false
- `slug` (String) The slug of the alert group
- `targets` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--targets))
- `time_window` (Number) Time window for the alert grouping

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attributes`

Optional:

- `json_path` (String) The JSON path to the value to group by.


<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `alert_urgency_ids` (List of String) The Alert Urgency ID's to check in the condition. Only need to be set when the property field type is 'attribute', the property field name is 'alert_urgency' and the property field condition type is 'is_one_of' or 'is_not_one_of'
- `conditionable_id` (String) The ID of the conditionable. If conditionable_type is AlertField, this is the ID of the alert field.
- `conditionable_type` (String) The type of the conditionable. Value must be one of `AlertField`.
- `property_field_condition_type` (String) The condition type of the property field. Value must be one of `is_one_of`, `is_not_one_of`, `contains`, `does_not_contain`, `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `matches_regex`, `is_empty`, `matches_existing_alert`.
- `property_field_name` (String) The name of the property field. If the property field type is selected as 'attribute', then the allowed property field names are 'summary' (for Title), 'description', 'alert_urgency' and 'external_url' (for Alert Source URL). If the property field type is selected as 'payload', then the property field name should be supplied in JSON Path syntax.
- `property_field_type` (String) The type of the property field. Value must be one of `attribute`, `payload`, `alert_field`.
- `property_field_value` (String) The value of the property field. Can be null if the property field condition type is 'is_one_of' or 'is_not_one_of'
- `property_field_values` (List of String) The values of the property field. Used if the property field condition type is 'is_one_of' or 'is_not_one_of' except for when property field name is 'alert_urgency'
- `values` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--values))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.values`

Optional:

- `record_id` (String) ID of the Alert Urgency to set.
- `record_type` (String) Should be "AlertUrgency".



<a id="nestedblock--targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `targets`

Optional:

- `target_id` (String) id for the Group, Service or EscalationPolicy
- `target_type` (String) The type of the target.. Value must be one of `Group`, `Service`, `EscalationPolicy`.

## Import

rootly_alert_group can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_alert_group.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_alert_group.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
