---
page_title: "Resource rootly_alert_routing_rule - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_alert_routing_rule)



*Note: If you are an advanced alert routing user, you should use the Alert Routes resource/data source instead of this one. If you don't know whether you are an advanced alert routing user, please contact Rootly customer support.*



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alerts_source_id` (String) The ID of the alerts source
- `destination` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The destinations for the alert routing rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--destination))
- `name` (String) The name of the alert routing rule

### Optional

- `condition_groups` (Block List) The condition groups for the alert routing rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups))
- `condition_type` (String) The type of condition for the alert routing rule. Value must be one of `all`, `any`.
- `conditions` (Block List) The conditions for the alert routing rule (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `position` (Number) The position of the alert routing rule for ordering evaluation

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--destination"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination`

Required:

- `target_id` (String) The ID of the target

Optional:

- `target_type` (String) The type of the target. Value must be one of `Service`, `Group`, `EscalationPolicy`.


<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups`

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) The conditions within this group (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions))
- `created_at` (String) Date of creation
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the condition group
- `position` (Number) The position of the condition group for ordering
- `updated_at` (String) Date of last update

<a id="nestedblock--condition_groups--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `condition_groups.conditions`

Optional:

- `conditionable_id` (String) The ID of the conditionable object
- `conditionable_type` (String) The type of the conditionable object
- `created_at` (String) Date of creation
- `id` (String) Unique ID of the condition
- `property_field_condition_type` (String) The condition type of the property field. Value must be one of `is_one_of`, `is_not_one_of`, `contains`, `does_not_contain`, `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `matches_regex`, `is_empty`.
- `property_field_name` (String) The name of the property field
- `property_field_type` (String) The type of the property field. Value must be one of `attribute`, `payload`.
- `property_field_value` (String) The value of the property field
- `property_field_values` (List of String) The values of the property field
- `updated_at` (String) Date of last update



<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `property_field_condition_type` (String) The condition type of the property field. Value must be one of `is_one_of`, `is_not_one_of`, `contains`, `does_not_contain`, `starts_with`, `ends_with`, `matches_regex`, `is_empty`.
- `property_field_name` (String) The name of the property field. If the property field type is selected as 'attribute', then the allowed property field names are 'summary' (for Title), 'description', 'alert_urgency' and 'external_url' (for Alert Source URL). If the property field type is selected as 'payload', then the property field name should be supplied in JSON Path syntax.
- `property_field_type` (String) The type of the property field. Value must be one of `attribute`, `payload`.
- `property_field_value` (String) The value of the property field. Can be null if the property field condition type is 'is_one_of' or 'is_not_one_of'
- `property_field_values` (List of String) The values of the property field. Used if the property field condition type is 'is_one_of' or 'is_not_one_of' except for when property field name is 'alert_urgency'

## Import

rootly_alert_routing_rule can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_alert_routing_rule.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_alert_routing_rule.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
