---
page_title: "Resource rootly_communications_group - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_communications_group)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `communication_type_id` (String) The communication type ID
- `name` (String) The name of the communications group

### Optional

- `communication_external_group_members` (Block List) External group members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--communication_external_group_members))
- `communication_group_conditions` (Block List) Group conditions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--communication_group_conditions))
- `communication_group_members` (Block List) Group members (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--communication_group_members))
- `condition_type` (String) Condition type. Value must be one of `any`, `all`.
- `description` (String) The description of the communications group
- `email_channel` (Boolean) Email channel enabled. Value must be one of true or false
- `is_private` (Boolean) Whether the group is private. Value must be one of true or false
- `slug` (String) The slug of the communications group
- `sms_channel` (Boolean) SMS channel enabled. Value must be one of true or false

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--communication_external_group_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `communication_external_group_members`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Email of the external member
- `id` (String) ID of the external group member
- `name` (String) Name of the external member
- `phone_number` (String) Phone number of the external member


<a id="nestedblock--communication_group_conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `communication_group_conditions`

Optional:

- `condition` (String) Condition
- `id` (String) ID of the condition
- `properties` (Block List) Properties (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--communication_group_conditions--properties))
- `property_type` (String) Property type. Value must be one of `service`, `severity`, `functionality`, `group`, `incident_type`.

<a id="nestedblock--communication_group_conditions--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `communication_group_conditions.properties`

Optional:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--communication_group_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `communication_group_members`

Optional:

- `email` (String) Email of the group member
- `id` (String) ID of the group member
- `name` (String) Name of the group member
- `user_id` (Number) User ID

## Import

rootly_communications_group can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_communications_group.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_communications_group.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
