---
page_title: "Resource rootly_heartbeat - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_heartbeat)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_summary` (String) Summary of alerts triggered when heartbeat expires.
- `interval` (Number)
- `name` (String) The name of the heartbeat
- `notification_target_id` (String)

### Optional

- `alert_description` (String) Description of alerts triggered when heartbeat expires.
- `alert_urgency_id` (String) Urgency of alerts triggered when heartbeat expires.
- `description` (String) The description of the heartbeat
- `email_address` (String) Email address to receive heartbeat pings.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `expires_at` (String) When heartbeat expires
- `interval_unit` (String) Value must be one of `minutes`, `hours`, `days`.
- `last_pinged_at` (String) When the heartbeat was last pinged.
- `notification_target_type` (String) Value must be one of `User`, `Group`, `Service`, `EscalationPolicy`.
- `ping_url` (String) URL to receive heartbeat pings.
- `secret` (String) Secret used as bearer token when pinging heartbeat.
- `status` (String) Value must be one of `waiting`, `active`, `expired`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

rootly_heartbeat can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_heartbeat.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_heartbeat.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
