---
page_title: "Resource rootly_live_call_router - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_live_call_router)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the live_call_router
- `paging_targets` (Block List, Min: 1) Paging targets that callers can select from when this live call router is configured as a phone tree. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--paging_targets))
- `phone_number` (String) You can select a phone number using [generate_phone_number](#//api/v1/live_call_routers/generate_phone_number) API and pass that phone number here to register

### Optional

- `alert_urgency_id` (String) This is used in escalation paths to determine who to page
- `caller_greeting` (String) The caller greeting message of the live_call_router
- `calling_tree_prompt` (String) The audio instructions callers will hear when they call this number, prompting them to select from available options to route their call
- `country_code` (String) The country code of the live_call_router. Value must be one of `AU`, `CA`, `DE`, `NL`, `NZ`, `GB`, `US`.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `escalation_level_delay_in_seconds` (Number) This overrides the delay (seconds) in escalation levels
- `escalation_policy_trigger_params` (Map of String)
- `kind` (String) The kind of the live_call_router. Value must be one of `voicemail`, `live`.
- `phone_type` (String) The phone type of the live_call_router. Value must be one of `local`, `toll_free`, `mobile`.
- `sent_to_voicemail_delay` (Number) The delay (seconds) after which the caller in redirected to voicemail
- `should_auto_resolve_alert_on_call_end` (Boolean) This overrides the delay (seconds) in escalation levels. Value must be one of true or false
- `should_redirect_to_voicemail_on_no_answer` (Boolean) This prompts the caller to choose voicemail or connect live. Value must be one of true or false
- `voicemail_greeting` (String) The voicemail greeting of the live_call_router
- `waiting_music_url` (String) The waiting music URL of the live_call_router. Value must be one of `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/ClockworkWaltz.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/ith_brahms-116-4.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/Mellotroniac_-_Flight_Of_Young_Hearts_Flute.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/BusyStrings.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/oldDog_-_endless_goodbye_%28instr.%29.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/MARKOVICHAMP-Borghestral.mp3`, `https://storage.rootly.com/twilio/voicemail/ith_chopin-15-2.mp3`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--paging_targets"></a>
### Nested Schema for `paging_targets`

Optional:

- `alert_urgency_id` (String) This is used in escalation paths to determine who to page
- `id` (String) The ID of paging target
- `type` (String) The type of the paging target. Value must be one of `service`, `team`, `escalation_policy`.

## Import

rootly_live_call_router can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_live_call_router.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_live_call_router.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
