---
page_title: "Resource rootly_team - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_team)



## Example Usage

```shell
data "rootly_user" "john" {
  email = "demo@rootly.com"
}

data "rootly_user" "jane" {
  email = "demo1@rootly.com"
}

resource "rootly_team" "sre" {
  name     = "SREs On-Call"
  user_ids = [data.rootly_user.john.id, data.rootly_user.jane.id]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the team

### Optional

- `admin_ids` (List of Number) The user ids of the admins of this team. These users must also be present in user_ids attribute.
- `alert_broadcast_channel` (Block List, Max: 1) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. Slack channel to broadcast alerts to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--alert_broadcast_channel))
- `alert_broadcast_enabled` (Boolean) Enable alerts to be broadcasted to a specific channel. Value must be one of true or false
- `alert_urgency_id` (String) The alert urgency id of the team
- `alerts_email_address` (String) Email generated to send alerts to
- `alerts_email_enabled` (Boolean) Enable alerts through email. Value must be one of true or false
- `auto_add_members_when_attached` (Boolean) Auto add members to incident channel when team is attached. Value must be one of true or false
- `backstage_id` (String) The Backstage entity id associated to this team. eg: :namespace/:kind/:entity_name
- `color` (String) The hex color of the team
- `cortex_id` (String) The Cortex group id associated to this team
- `description` (String) The description of the team
- `external_id` (String) The external id associated to this team
- `incident_broadcast_channel` (Block List, Max: 1) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. Slack channel to broadcast incidents to (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--incident_broadcast_channel))
- `incident_broadcast_enabled` (Boolean) Enable incidents to be broadcasted to a specific channel. Value must be one of true or false
- `notify_emails` (List of String) Emails to attach to the team
- `opsgenie_id` (String) The Opsgenie group id associated to this team
- `pagerduty_id` (String) The PagerDuty group id associated to this team
- `pagerduty_service_id` (String) The PagerDuty service id associated to this team
- `pagertree_id` (String) The PagerTree group id associated to this team
- `position` (Number) Position of the team
- `service_now_ci_sys_id` (String) The Service Now CI sys id associated to this team
- `slack_aliases` (Block List) Slack Aliases associated with this team (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--slack_aliases))
- `slack_channels` (Block List) Slack Channels associated with this team (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--slack_channels))
- `slug` (String)
- `user_ids` (List of Number) The user ids of the members of this team.
- `victor_ops_id` (String) The VictorOps group id associated to this team

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--alert_broadcast_channel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alert_broadcast_channel`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Slack channel ID
- `name` (String) Slack channel name


<a id="nestedblock--incident_broadcast_channel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `incident_broadcast_channel`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Slack channel ID
- `name` (String) Slack channel name


<a id="nestedblock--slack_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack_aliases`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Slack alias ID
- `name` (String) Slack alias name


<a id="nestedblock--slack_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `slack_channels`

Optional:

- `id` (String) Slack channel ID
- `name` (String) Slack channel name

## Import

rootly_team can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_team.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_team.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
