---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_alert - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflows
description: |-
    
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_alert)



## Example Usage

```shell
resource "rootly_workflow_alert" "my-workflow" {
  name        = "Trigger when an alert is created"
  description = "This workflow will trigger when an alert is created"
  trigger_params {
    triggers = ["alert_created"]

  }
  enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The title of the workflow

### Optional

- `cause_ids` (List of String)
- `command` (String) Workflow command
- `command_feedback_enabled` (Boolean) This will notify you back when the workflow is starting. Value must be one of true or false
- `description` (String) The description of the workflow
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `environment_ids` (List of String)
- `functionality_ids` (List of String)
- `group_ids` (List of String)
- `incident_role_ids` (List of String)
- `incident_type_ids` (List of String)
- `locked` (Boolean) Restricts workflow edits to admins when turned on. Only admins can set this field.. Value must be one of true or false
- `position` (Number) The order which the workflow should run with other workflows.
- `repeat_every_duration` (String) Repeat workflow every duration
- `repeat_on` (List of String) Repeat on weekdays. Value must be one of `S`, `M`, `T`, `W`, `R`, `F`, `U`.
- `service_ids` (List of String)
- `severity_ids` (List of String)
- `slug` (String) The slug of the workflow
- `trigger_params` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_params))
- `wait` (String) Wait this duration before executing
- `workflow_group_id` (String) The group this workflow belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--trigger_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_params`

Optional:

- `alert_condition` (String) Value must be one off `ALL`, `ANY`, `NONE`.
- `alert_condition_label` (String) Value must be one off `IS`, `ANY`, `CONTAINS`, `CONTAINS_ALL`, `CONTAINS_NONE`, `NONE`, `SET`, `UNSET`.
- `alert_condition_label_use_regexp` (Boolean) Value must be one of true or false
- `alert_condition_payload` (String) Value must be one off `IS`, `ANY`, `CONTAINS`, `CONTAINS_ALL`, `CONTAINS_NONE`, `NONE`, `SET`, `UNSET`.
- `alert_condition_payload_use_regexp` (Boolean) Value must be one of true or false
- `alert_condition_source` (String) Value must be one off `IS`, `ANY`, `CONTAINS`, `CONTAINS_ALL`, `CONTAINS_NONE`, `NONE`, `SET`, `UNSET`.
- `alert_condition_source_use_regexp` (Boolean) Value must be one of true or false
- `alert_labels` (List of String)
- `alert_payload` (List of String)
- `alert_query_payload` (String) You can use jsonpath syntax. eg: $.incident.teams[*]
- `alert_sources` (List of String)
- `trigger_type` (String) Value must be one off `alert`.
- `triggers` (List of String) Actions that trigger the workflow. Value must be one of `alert_created`.
