---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_task_update_zendesk_ticket - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflow Tasks
description: |-
    Manages workflow update_zendesk_ticket task.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_task_update_zendesk_ticket)

Manages workflow update_zendesk_ticket task.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `task_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters for this workflow task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params))
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the parent workflow

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable this workflow task
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow task
- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow task (1 being top of list)
- `skip_on_failure` (Boolean) Skip workflow task if any failures

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Required:

- `ticket_id` (String) The ticket id

Optional:

- `completion` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. The completion id and display name
- `custom_fields_mapping` (String) Custom field mappings. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON
- `priority` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. The priority id and display name
- `subject` (String) The ticket subject
- `tags` (String) The ticket tags
- `task_type` (String)
- `ticket_payload` (String) Additional Zendesk ticket attributes. Will be merged into whatever was specified in this tasks current parameters. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON

## Import

rootly_workflow_task_update_zendesk_ticket can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_workflow_task_update_zendesk_ticket.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_workflow_task_update_zendesk_ticket.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
