---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_task_update_action_item - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflow Tasks
description: |-
    Manages workflow updateactionitem task.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_task_update_action_item)

Manages workflow update_action_item task.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `task_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters for this workflow task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params))
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the parent workflow

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable this workflow task
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow task
- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow task (1 being top of list)
- `skip_on_failure` (Boolean) Skip workflow task if any failures

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Required:

- `attribute_to_query_by` (String) Attribute of the action item to match against. Value must be one of `id`, `jira_issue_id`, `asana_task_id`, `shortcut_task_id`, `linear_issue_id`, `zendesk_ticket_id`, `trello_card_id`, `airtable_record_id`, `shortcut_story_id`, `github_issue_id`, `freshservice_ticket_id`, `freshservice_task_id`.
- `query_value` (String) Value that attribute_to_query_by to uses to match against

Optional:

- `assigned_to_user` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`.  The user this action item is assigned to
- `assigned_to_user_id` (String) [DEPRECATED] Use assigned_to_user attribute instead. The user id this action item is assigned to
- `custom_fields_mapping` (String) Custom field mappings. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON
- `description` (String) The action item description.
- `group_ids` (List of String)
- `post_to_incident_timeline` (Boolean)
- `priority` (String) The action item priority. Value must be one of `high`, `medium`, `low`.
- `status` (String) The action item status. Value must be one of `open`, `in_progress`, `cancelled`, `done`.
- `summary` (String) Brief description of the action item
- `task_type` (String)
