---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_task_add_action_item - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflow Tasks
description: |-
    Manages workflow add_action_item task.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_task_add_action_item)

Manages workflow add_action_item task.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `task_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters for this workflow task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params))
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the parent workflow

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable this workflow task
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow task
- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow task (1 being top of list)
- `skip_on_failure` (Boolean) Skip workflow task if any failures

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Required:

- `priority` (String) The action item priority. Value must be one of `high`, `medium`, `low`.
- `status` (String) The action item status. Value must be one of `open`, `in_progress`, `cancelled`, `done`.
- `summary` (String) The action item summary

Optional:

- `assigned_to_user` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`.  The user this action item is assigned to
- `assigned_to_user_id` (String) [DEPRECATED] Use assigned_to_user attribute instead. The user id this action item is assigned to
- `attribute_to_query_by` (String) Attribute of the Incident to match against. Value must be one of `jira_issue_id`.
- `custom_fields_mapping` (String) Custom field mappings. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON
- `description` (String) The action item description
- `incident_role_id` (String) The role id this action item is associated with
- `kind` (String) The action item kind
- `post_to_incident_timeline` (Boolean) Value must be one of true or false
- `post_to_slack_channels` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params--post_to_slack_channels))
- `query_value` (String) Value that attribute_to_query_by to uses to match against
- `task_type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--task_params--post_to_slack_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params.post_to_slack_channels`

Required:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)

## Import

rootly_workflow_task_add_action_item can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_workflow_task_add_action_item.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_workflow_task_add_action_item.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
