---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_task_create_jira_subtask - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflow Tasks
description: |-
    Manages workflow createjirasubtask task.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_task_create_jira_subtask)

Manages workflow create_jira_subtask task.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `task_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters for this workflow task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params))
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the parent workflow

### Optional

- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow task (1 being top of list)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Required:

- `parent_issue_id` (String) The parent issue.
- `project_key` (String) The project key.
- `subtask_issue_type` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. The issue type id and display name.
- `title` (String) The issue title.

Optional:

- `assign_user_email` (String) The assigned user's email.
- `custom_fields_mapping` (String) Custom field mappings. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON.
- `description` (String) The issue description.
- `due_date` (String) The due date.
- `labels` (String) The issue labels.
- `priority` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. The priority id and display name.
- `reporter_user_email` (String) The reporter user's email.
- `status` (Map of String) Map must contain two fields, `id` and `name`. The status id and display name.
- `task_type` (String)
- `update_payload` (String) Update payload. Can contain liquid markup and need to be valid JSON.
