---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_task_http_client - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory: Workflow Tasks
description: |-
    Manages workflow http_client task.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_task_http_client)

Manages workflow http_client task.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `task_params` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) The parameters for this workflow task. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params))
- `workflow_id` (String) The ID of the parent workflow

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable/disable this workflow task
- `name` (String) Name of the workflow task
- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow task (1 being top of list)
- `skip_on_failure` (Boolean) Skip workflow task if any failures

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--task_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params`

Required:

- `succeed_on_status` (String) HTTP status code expected. Can be a regular expression. Eg: 200, 200|203, 20[0-3]
- `url` (String) URL endpoint

Optional:

- `body` (String) HTTP body
- `event_message` (String)
- `event_url` (String)
- `headers` (String) JSON map of HTTP headers
- `method` (String) HTTP method. Value must be one of `GET`, `POST`, `PATCH`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `OPTIONS`.
- `params` (String) JSON map of HTTP query parameters
- `post_to_incident_timeline` (Boolean) Value must be one of true or false
- `post_to_slack_channels` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--task_params--post_to_slack_channels))
- `task_type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--task_params--post_to_slack_channels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `task_params.post_to_slack_channels`

Required:

- `id` (String)
- `name` (String)

## Import

rootly_workflow_task_http_client can be imported using the [`import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import).

```sh
terraform import rootly_workflow_task_http_client.primary a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24
```

Or using an [`import` block](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/import).

```terraform
import {
  to = rootly_workflow_task_http_client.primary
  id = "a816421c-6ceb-481a-87c4-585e47451f24"
}
```

Locate the resource id in the web app, or retrieve it by listing resources through the API if it's not visible in the web app.

HCL can be generated from the import block using the `-generate-config-out` flag.

```sh
terraform plan -generate-config-out=generated.tf
```
