---
page_title: "Resource rootly_workflow_incident - terraform-provider-rootly"
subcategory:
description: |-
    Manages workflows.
---

# Resource (rootly_workflow_incident)

Manages workflows.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the workflow

### Optional

- `command` (String) The workflow command.
- `description` (String) The description of the workflow
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the workflow is enabled or not
- `environment_ids` (List of String) Environment IDs required to trigger workflow.
- `group_ids` (List of String) Group IDs required to trigger workflow.
- `incident_type_ids` (List of String) Incident type IDs required to trigger workflow.
- `position` (Number) The position of the workflow (1 being top of list)
- `repeat_every_duration` (String) Repeat workflow every duration.
- `repeat_on` (List of String) Repeat workflow on days.
- `service_ids` (List of String) Service IDs required to trigger workflow.
- `severity_ids` (List of String) Severity IDs required to trigger workflow.
- `trigger_params` (Block List, Max: 1) The conditions for triggering this workflow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--trigger_params))
- `wait` (String) Wait before running workflow.
- `workflow_group_id` (String) The workflow group this workflow belongs to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--trigger_params"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trigger_params`

Optional:

- `incident_condition` (String)
- `incident_condition_acknowledged_at` (String)
- `incident_condition_detected_at` (String)
- `incident_condition_environment` (String)
- `incident_condition_functionality` (String)
- `incident_condition_group` (String)
- `incident_condition_incident_roles` (String)
- `incident_condition_incident_type` (String)
- `incident_condition_kind` (String)
- `incident_condition_mitigated_at` (String)
- `incident_condition_resolved_at` (String)
- `incident_condition_service` (String)
- `incident_condition_severity` (String)
- `incident_condition_started_at` (String)
- `incident_condition_status` (String)
- `incident_condition_summary` (String)
- `incident_condition_visibility` (String)
- `incident_conditional_inactivity` (String)
- `incident_kinds` (List of String)
- `incident_statuses` (List of String)
- `incident_visibilities` (List of Boolean)
- `trigger_type` (String)
- `triggers` (List of String)
